## Elden Reviews - 2023 MacBook Air
*Ladt updated 2024.03.08*

Let me start by saying I've always loved OS X/macOS and even ran it on a
couple of shitty Dells to keep using it, because it's the comfiest Unix in
existence. So I'm kind of inclined to like real Apple hardware that comes with
it. The last experience I had with macOS was in about 2019, and once the M1
Macs dropped I knew I probably wasn't ever gonna see a hackintosh again.
Bummer. Though I always wanted an ARM laptop even before then, to use something
not-Windows on, and I sure fucking got that now. The computer and AppleCare sub
ran me about two grand.

### Build Quality
It's Apple shit. It's gonna be solid. But I'm still surprised at just how solid
this thing feels. Other laptops of this size, I feel like I'm gonna break by
holding them. Like I'm about to crack the screen through the flimsy ass plastic
casing that I can already feel flexing beneath my fingers. But this MBA,
nothing about it feels cheap or flimsy. Which, I would sure fucking hope not
for as much as it cost.

The hinges don't bounce, and the keyboard is 10/10 for a membrane.

### General Use
I have an M2 chip with four P-cores and four E-cores, 16GB of RAM and 1TB of
SSD space. No fucking idea what clock speeds I'm getting, but so far it seems I
got enough computer. VS Code launches quick. Safari launches quick. Everything
just launches quick and it chews through it.

### Integration
I might look like I just crawled from under a rock for typing this, but the
amount of shit I can do with my other Apple shit is nice. I can decline calls.
Obviously use iMessage. Use my iPhone as a webcam and my iPad as a second
monitor over USB. In PC-land all the solutions to do similar things are janky
and paid, but this just works.

### AI
You don't exactly get a traditional GPU on Apple silicon, but the Neural Engine
seems to do well enough for upscaling wallpapers in Gigapixel. I don't know how
well it does at anything else, but that works about as fast as it does on my
desktop's RTX3060.

### Gaming
Why in the fuck would you buy a Mac for this? I played some Kerbal Space
Program, and that ran well I guess. But this isn't a gaming machine. I
recommend dropping another $500 or so and ordering a Steam Deck. Get the LCD
one so you can run Windows on it and use every launcher at once natively.
