## Elden Journal - (2025.06.18) Identifying Propaganda
Bush's Global War on Terror permeated my childhood. I watched 9/11 on TV at six
years old, not understanding at all what was happening at the time, or that the
carefree America I was born into had just died. I remember trying to be "grown
up" through my single-digit years by watching the news, and hearing so much
about Saddam Hussein, the manhunt, and his eventual capture. Then all that
energy pivoted to Osama until the SEALs got him too. And through all of it,
both when I was 7 and when I was 17, I always thought the way they said things
on the news was really weird, like they were trying to manipulate me to feel
good about people dying half the world away. And it turns out they were doing
just that. What I thought was strange and flowery wording actually fucking
worked on the adults around me, apparently. The WMDs weren't real, but the
government-media machine manufactured FUD to justify raping the Middle East to
find them. And would you look at that, America is looking at another bullshit
war now, so the propaganda machines will be shifted back into high gear and old
pages in the playbook dusted off.

So, I think it's really important, perhaps now more than ever, for people to
understand propaganda and recognize it before it works. Back then it was just
the news on TV, and maybe some weirdos on internet forums, but now we live in a
cyberpunk hellscape where nothing is real (just a very boring one with minimal
neon and no transhumanism) and we are blasted with more information from more
places than ever, both real and dreamed up by a GPU. And there are two arms of
the machine that you need to be aware of to get through the coming days.

### Manufacturing Consent
This is the brain worm that will try to burrow into your frontal lobe when you
turn on Fox News or CNN. And it's mostly homegrown, by our own
military-industrial complex and the warhawk politicians who get rich off of it.

The goal is to convince you of two things:
1. The same acts can be unilaterally reprehensible for one side of a conflict,
but necessary and justified for the other.
2. The public has already chosen the "correct" side of the conflict and
endorses America's involvement in it.

And the trick is in the language used by authoritative figures, like the
president, your senator, military brass, or your favorite news anchor. This
tactic knows no company, party lines, color or creed. They all do it when
Raytheon and Lockheed Martin demand blood and sacrifice.

Pick *any* mainstream news channel, and pay close attention when they start
talking about the Israel-Iran conflict. Israel has a government, Iran has a
regime. Israel warns, Iran threatens. Israel targets, Iran attacks. Israel made
preemptive strikes, Iran escalated. Israel has a military and soldiers, Iran
has forces and combatants. A blown-out apartment building in Tel Aviv is
indiscriminate fire, the same thing in Tehran is a precision strike. They are
describing the same actions by different people, and they are not just reading
from a thesaurus on their desk, their words are hand-picked. In fact the MSM
has been doing it the entire time with Palestine. When Hamas fires rockets,
they're targeting civilians, but when the IDF napalms an occupied school
they're defending their country.

And let's just take a moment to appreciate how *fucking no one* in the media is
pointing out the fact that the IDF is clearly capable of acting with precision,
but chooses to level Gaza anyway. The IDF can nail a general in his apartment
two countries away (and per Israeli SOP, kill his child too), but for some
reason, they *need* to raze entire blocks and burn hundreds of innocents to
take out four or five Hamas members.

### Hasbara (Israeli foreign diplomacy)
This is the other arm of the machine. It can be much more insidious, and is
much more maddening once you begin to notice it. Because it's absolutely.
Fucking. ***Everywhere.*** It's in the Facebook group your grandpa gets his
tinfoil news from. It's on the chan board America's next mass shooter just
posted his manifesto to. It's in your Discord servers. Your Insta feed. Your
FYP. Your video games. There isn't an online space without an Israeli PR
presence. If you're there, so is Mossad.

Hasbara is a Hebrew word that roughly translates to "explaining." And it was
added to the Zionist lexicon by this guy:
![Portrait of Nahum Sokolow](/img/nahum.jpg "Nahum Sokolow")
Nahum Sokolow, former president of the World Zionist Organization from
1931-1935. It was intended as a kinder alternative to "propaganda," and is used
to mean a reactive communication strategy that "seeks to explain actions,
whether or not they are justified." So basically, propaganda plus excuses.

In modern times, on the modern internet, Mossad (Israel's intelligence agency)
has much richer soil to sow in. Everyone is on multiple forms of social media,
and just like the (g)old internet, anyone can be anyone they want. I could very
well be a 62-year-old ex-con from Bulgaria, pretending to be an Okie and having
ChatGPT clean up my English. And that 50-something "American" with a big truck
and two-story house, who you're arguing with over whether blowing a three year
old's head off at a UN aid station is a war crime, could very well be a Mossad
agent or a paid Israeli college student. Or he could just be straight AI from
top to bottom, they do that too.

Hasbara is the reason why the people you know and talk to IRL are appalled, but
the internet gives the appearance that all your friends, neighbors, family,
colleagues, etc are cheering for the IDF. It's why, every time Israel does
something disgustingly inhuman, every public forum becomes inundated with
shilling and whataboutism at such a speed and magnitude that, honestly, no sane
individual should believe it.

#### Citations
[Wikipedia: "Public diplomacy of Israel"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_diplomacy_of_Israel)</br>
[Arutz Sheva: "Op Ed: The Hasbara Hijack"](https://web.archive.org/web/20140724035511/http://www.israelnationalnews.com/Articles/Article.aspx/4175#.U9CDti_P1qY)</br>
[BBC: "Israel: Government pays students to fight internet battles"](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-23695896)</br>
[Mint Press News: "Are You Debating a Bot?"](https://www.mintpressnews.com/are-you-debating-a-bot-investigation-reveals-israeli-disinformation-ai-network/288635/)
