## Elden Journal - (2025.06.17) Donald Trump
All my life, I've known who Donald Trump is, and my opinion of him has taken a
rollercoaster ride influenced by memes, his own actions, and my own growth.

### 2007
I was almost 12 years old. The "you're fired" guy just shaved Vince McMahon's
head on Wrestlemania 23. He must be the coolest motherfucker alive. From then
on, when I played Monopoly with my friends, whoever ended up wealthiest was
Donald and the brokest of us was Vince; and said loser was *totally* gonna have
his head shaved bald at the end. Fun times. *Simpler* times. And if you weren't
down with that, we had two words for ya: ***suck it.*** </br>
<sup><sup>Holy fuck, am I getting old?</sup></sup>

### 2015-2016
I was a fresh adult. Just entering my 20s. And while I lamented missing out on
going to college and being a free spirit (both because my family was poor and I
fucked off in high school), I saw nothing but possibilities ahead and every
smidge of adulthood I got to partake in still felt cool. I was still in my
first year with the woman who's now my wife. I was also just starting to form
my own earnest, adult political opinions absent peer pressure (but still
through the fading lense of immaturity). And unfortunately, they were
borderline ancap. I rode the Trump train *hard* because to me, less
government = good and Republican = basically red Libertarians. And the memes.
Fucking hell, the memes. Donnie T was gonna abolish the ATF, legalize weed,
deregulate everything that is cool, make Mexico build a Great Wall of America,
and repave the highways with asphalt made from platinum dust and unicorn shit.
And boy did I believe it.

As the 2016 election ticked closer, Trump's campaign became less of a funny
meme to me and more of a serious matter. Hillary Clinton not only wanted to ban
everything that goes "bang" like every single Democrat says they want to, and
generally be the enemy of everything fun and cool, she was gonna start World
War III with Russia. And to boot, I was prime drafting age. I certainly didn't
want to have my card pulled and die in the Battle of Moscow at the age of 21.
So I spent the night of November 4th refreshing Google, over and over, and when
Trump scored that electoral college win I cheered. I cheered because I thought,
for the next four years at minimum and the first chunk of my "real" adult life,
he was gonna "Make America Great Again" and things were gonna be *fucking*
great. And I wasn't gonna get drafted, which was nice.

I still believe Hillary would have started a war if she had won; not because
she's "le ebil satanist pizzagate child trafficker" but because war lines her
pockets. So I don't really regret being a Trumper in this time all that much.

### 2017
I still firmly believed that America was going to be great "again" for most of
his first year. And then the Las Vegas shooting happened. And then Trump made
his first authoritarian slip. He signed an executive order telling the ATF to
simply "reconsider" a plastic doodad as being a whole entire machine gun. To
this day, that serves as a terrifying precedent in my eyes, a can of worms that
a (D) just has yet to spill.

This is about where I bailed from the Trump train, along with a lot of other
libertarians. I didn't like him so much anymore. Nonetheless, I was still glad
that he held office instead of Hillary.

And I still believe that was an actual machine gun, by the way. No way a piece
of plastic did that, my dad had one and it was fucking garbage that a belt loop
and your thumb could easily outdo. But that's a conspiracy for another article.

### 2018-2019
I was still a young adult, getting my bread and enjoying my video games. I
started smoking a lot more weed. Didn't really care about politics in this time
as nothing seriously changed, as far as I knew, for the better or worse. Trump
didn't really *do* anything that outraged me or scored points with me. I kinda
consider this the ass end of my young adulthood and I'm glad I didn't spend it
all making myself angry.

### 2020-2021
Now I'd switched jobs. I was working more and earning more money. The bigger
checks lightly tapped me towards the right, while the Malthusian policies that
were seemingly designed to maximize employee misery pushed me left with an
armored bulldozer. And then I got a raise. $15 an hour was pretty fucking good
money for a while. I could afford to buy nice things and try weird food. It was
great, despite the plague and associated rules.

I didn't know how to feel, really. I was acutely aware that the things that
made life grueling, that made waking up a regrettable experience five days a
week, would never change under Republicans. But I also had more purchasing
power than ever and grew a 700+ credit score, and that really softened the
blows life dealt.

When the 2020 election came around, I was no longer under the illusion that
Trump would restore America to "greatness." I low-key wanted him to win again
because he was a known quantity. But beyond that, I didn't care enough to vote.
Then Biden won. Okay, great. I'm politically literate enough now to know that
gun bans float like lead bricks, so maybe he'll focus on some of the other,
more useful promises Democrats like to make.

### 2022-2024
Nope. Instead Biden did seemingly *nothing*. When he did do something, he
rolled a nat-1. Like, he made it illegal for rail workers to strike and would
you look at that, it ended in chemical disaster. And gradually, that $15's
buying power started to feel like $10 and I had less disposable income than
before. I didn't follow the news that closely, I don't know exactly what in the
actual *fuck* he did with his "Build Back Better" plan but I, a wage worker at
the bottom rung of society, was getting poorer for reasons entirely outside of
my control. Weird, Democrats are supposed to be the champions of the working
class or something. Where is the "building," the "back," or the "better?" It
sure wasn't me or anyone I know eating from it.

Then, as the next election approached, Trump made it abundantly clear that he
too had lost his motherfucking mind. No memes. No funny. Just straight to "DeY
EaTiNg dA DoGs N CaTs" dementia, as Biden dipped out and let the queen of the
prison-industrial complex run in his place. I just knew we were super mega
deluxe fucked either way, and again did not vote.

### 2025
Now Trump's been president (again) for about five months. And unfortunately
he's just demented enough, and yet just cognizant enough, to be the fucking
Antichrist. Look. I'm not a screeching liberal. I will not judge you harshly or
accuse you of being anything if you voted for him or believed in him. But at
least have the decency to call a duck, a duck. Take off the blinders and the
rose-tinted glasses, it's not 2016 anymore, this is no longer funny or cool or
something you should be proud of. This is the actual death knell of the
Constitution, and your rights are not exempt from the chopping block, they're
just further back in line than the *other* people's.

A group of armed, masked men who refuse to identify themselves and incite fear
in the populace is called a gang. Said gang grabbing US citizens and legal
residents off the street is called kidnapping. Government thugs traumatizing US
citizens in their home, who've committed no crime, with a no-knock raid is
called police brutality. Subsequently forcing an underaged girl to stand
outside in her underwear for all to see is called sexual abuse. Seizing that
family's money and electronics, after ensuring they all need long-term therapy,
is called mugging. Targeting people and assuming their immigration status on
the basis of their skin color is called racism. Manufacturing fears of civil
unrest and deploying the military against dissenters is called fascism. And
sending anyone accused of a **civil offense** in the United States, to a
foreign supermax prison known for its brutality and overcrowding with no
counsel or contact with family, is called a callous disregard for human rights.
You do not have to have blue hair or believe in 73,000 genders to call these
things what they are. But you *do* have to be morally bankrupt to excuse or
cosign this shit.

And then there's Israel. America first, unless Israel wants something. Since
Trump's inauguration, the first amendment has been reduced to a vestige. Never
before in the history of the United States has there been such fervent defense
of a foreign state, with anti-BDS (Boycott, Divest, Sanction) laws threatening
to deprive lower governments of their own citizens' funds, criticism of Israel
now being grounds to revoke or deny visas, and jailtime having been called for
and floated for anti-Zionist speech. And, oh- what's that? Israel is straight
up starting a war now? And Russian brass is openly talking about WW3? Great.
Fucking great. American troops to Iran in 3...2...1...

I myself am now well past drafting age. So I don't worry about getting blown to
smithereens in the Battle of Tehran now in a dumbass war I don't believe in.
Instead I worry about nuclear hellfire or cancerous air here at home, if not
from Russia or China, from Israel pulling their Samson Option once they bite
off more than they can chew, and decide to burn the world as some twisted
punishment for not helping them enough. And to top it off, I have friends who
are *not* outside of drafting age. I don't know what Kamala would've done. She
probably would've already gotten us involved with some bleeding-heart bullshit,
rather than bastardizing Christianity and appealing to the end-times fanaticism
of evangelical ghouls. But I do know for certain that I have never felt *less*
certain about the future, or whether I'll even get to see my next decade on
Earth.

Thank you Cheeto Man, Vodka Chimp, Winnie the Pooh, and Jewish Hitler.
Very cool.
