## Elden Journal - (20241103) My Schizoid Crackhead-in-law
*Last updated 2025.06.19*

I don't even know where to start with this shit. Or how much I can say without
identifying myself. Whatever, my name is attached to all this shit anyway, and
he's not capable of using the internet for anything but porn, much less
connecting dots.

### Backstory
So. I've been with my wife for nine years. And for eight of them I've had the
misfortune of knowing her stepfather. A stocky lifelong alcoholic. Or at least
I thought he was *just* an alcoholic. He'd have his moments where I actually
thought he's alright, and ten minutes later he's throwing a screaming,
destructive tantrum at my MIL for [insert stupid bullshit here]. The wife and I
moved further away for a while so we saw him much less, and he seemed to chill
out with age.

### The Leadup
Fast-forward to three-ish weeks ago, we moved in with my GMIL, where my MIL
also lives and the crackhead-in-law occasionally stays. He inherited a whole
entire house and has nothing but complaints in private with me, but I guess not
fucking his hand is worth more than he likes. But anyway, he actually helped
us with the move back to OK. We arranged for transport of our RV since my truck
has a dead injector. And he did chauffer us around. He was actually being cool
for a while. Until on one of those trips, he whipped out a motherfucking crack
pipe. And hit it, with me in his little Silverado. So I'm in a vehicle doing 90
with a strung out driver. Nice.

### The Incident
It all came to a head about two weeks ago. I'm drinking coffee with my wife,
her mom, her grandma, and the crackhead. My MIL brought me three red velvet
Chips Ahoy cookies on a paper towel to try. This little gesture danced on every
jealous bone in that man's body, somehow, and he threw a screaming,
incomprehensible fit before kicking a small kitten across the room (cat is
fine) and storming out. He'll go away for a bit and chill, right? Lol. Lmao
even.

Like an hour later. This man comes back. He loads a bunch of his scrap metal
shit that littered my GMIL's yard onto his trailer. And once he was done with
that, he started jabbing a window AC with a metal rod while screaming more
demented bullshit. He was drunk, possibly strung out, armed with a .32 in his
pocket, and now acting belligerently and destructively. He not only managed to
destroy that AC and illegally release a bunch of freon, it seemed like he
wanted to rip that window out. His behavior prompted my wife, the least
confrontational person on earth, a woman who yells at me for getting into any
kind of conflict, to grab the fucking Mossie loaded with 00 buckshot and run
for the door. So I got my Glock and went out first. He stopped, threw the metal
rod at my wife like a junkie spear and got in his truck. I couldn't see through
his tint but I kept aim close enough to his face I guess. He crept out and
threatened me a few times before he finally fucked off.

### The Aftermath
The neighbors, of course, called the sheriff's department. They witnessed
everything go down following his return. The Marshall County Mounties showed up
in a few minutes, calmly ordered me on the ground, and swiped my gun from my
holster while they figured out who's who. We made a report and all signed a
trespass, including Grams. They handed my gun back unloaded and then left. That
was a relatively chill and courteous interaction. But the crackhead, he was not
chill or courteous afterwards.

This man proceeded to spend the next sixteen hours sending me walls of
scathing, barely-coherent speech-to-text messages threatening to punch me in
the face, shoot me, break my arms, and take me to court in no particular order.
Meanwhile, he also found time to leave my wife a long voicemail full of
threats, and even blew up the neighbors for calling 911. Because that's how
people act when they did nothing wrong. And the cherry on top: he threatened to
press charges against ME for threatening to shoot him.

Well fuck you, you dipshit tweaker. If I had done anything you could press
charges for, they wouldn't have given my gun back or left without me.
Everything I did was within the bounds of Oklahoma self-defense law. Weapons
make everything so much more serious; that was not just a civil dispute, that
was an armed standoff, and I could have mag-dumped your face at any point if
you even twitched towards that .32 in your pocket. How about you let a cop know
you have that and see which one of us goes to jail?

The days since, he's flipped and began an onslaught of unanswered apologies and
pleas for forgiveness, along with love-bombing my MIL. I worry that we'll never
be done with him, honestly.

### Updates
My MIL ran off to live with him again not long after. For the first time in
many years, she could use the internet and communicate with other people
without an abusive tweaker standing over her shoulder, and she chose consistent
access to beer. Whatever.
